###### Day 33
## Summary
The party slew the corrupted king and recovered the chains of Zarunok. 

## IC Synopsis - Valindra
> The manor that housed our goal is just massive. I have never seen a home so large. Even as we fought our way up its steps, I was still taken aback at the sheer size. Entering the massive building we were quickly met with another onslaught of undead. This main room fortified for a battle. Many of the enemies we encounter used the barricades to their advantage. Seeing as we were in a terrible location, Ria, Persephone and myself all summoned our magical allies to the field. To help shorten the distance between us and them. Just as Rem Lewis and myself were getting the creatures in lobby under control, sounds from the balconies made themselves known. More enemies looked down upon us, and unleashed magic. Wuffi and the summons quickly took to one of the balconies, as Rem and Persephone upon Annica took to the other. With a swing of his mace with is his newly forged hand, Lewis dispatched the first of our follies. As Rem stuck down the one of the balcony, we that they were different. The radiant magic that Rem exudes seemed ineffective against these foes, unlike the rest of the undead. A curious case these enemies are. almost as if these chose to be here. Almost like... That thought leaves me as the last of our foes fall. As it does we begin to search the many rooms. with hope the chains are here and not deeper into the manor. Unfortunately, our luck was not on our side. We were not able to find the chains in the rooms, but all kinds of treasure. Mountains of coin, gems and fineries. Just as we were going through the haul of goods, pounding came from the front doors. As if more of the horde of dead were being drawn to us. The doors leading deeper in the manor we just behind us, and seemed to radiate heat. As if the entire room behind them were ablaze.
   Having no choice but to proceed further in, we opened the doors to find a man, clad in full plated armor, surrounded by burning chains, the Chains of Zarunok of course. Rem and I quickly moved close with Persephone's encouragement. While she transformed Lewis into an Ape again. Just as we engaged with the mad king Valmont, he shouted out, cursing Osric. The former name of the Rexam. This shout also called allied to his side. From the burning walls of the room, skeletons began to emerge. Ape-Lewis made quick work of them. As he kept the perimeter safe, the mad kind unleased the chains on Ria and myself. Becoming bound to him with these chains, the intense heat around him began to burn away at those too close. Ria quickly escaped with her magic. I chose to continue the fight up close. As the fires began to wash over me, they slightly cooled as they reached my skin. Feeling the protections from Etifa's heart surround me as the king's fires raged. My summoned dragon and Wuffi helped keep the skeletons away from Ria as she unleased her incredible lightning spells. As Persephone used her magic to bade the King to her will. His mind's fortitude seemed quite resistant, though weakening with each of her casts. The king turned his blade onto Rem and I. Slashes and burns wounded us as the fight dragged on. Coming close to falling, I felt Rem's touch as he healed me. Perhaps his pact with Zarunok guided his magic, as I felt the chains loosen. With that moment of opportunity, I used all my strength to remove the bindings. The timing could not have been better as all of us were on our last legs, as Rem fell to the floor. I took a moment to aim my blade at the king. But remembering the failings of the day prior, and Lewis' now missing hand, I turned to Rem and summoned my magic to heal his unconscious body. He rose to his feet, and brought down the mighty blow to finish the corrupt king. A moment of awe for myself, and reminder of my need to get stronger.
   Just as we stood there over the body of the mad king, Rem reached down and took the chains in hand. The mark of Zarunok aided him in connecting with the artifact. As the chains wrapped around Rem his eyes began to glow. Persephone, noticing this, called out to Rem to see if he was alright. Just as she finished the question horns sprouted atop Rem's head, with now Red-Gold eyes burning from his gaze. He replied simply in a coarse language none of us knew. Before we departed Persephone pulled out the soul crystal provided by Poko Poko and captured Valmont's soul in it. The armor he resided in rusted and crumbled away to dust. Behind us we located a doorway the lead us outside, a secret passage as it were. It seems this might lead us to the final area of the city, hopefully bypassing more of the dead, and bringing us to our final goal. Perhaps our luck could change, and the undead dragon seen in the skies might not bar our path.


## Notes
- We killed some dudes in the castle interior, and looted a fuck ton
- Red hot doors - beyond, boss fight
	- Dark armored figure, two large chains, burning, halo of chains on fire, magma sword. Mad King Valmont
	- He kept making Valindra attack Rem, Rem got the killing blow
	- Rem attuned to Zarunok's chains, he started burning, horns grew from his head, eyes turned red. Speaks Infernal, said "I'm fine."
		- Chris allowed Rem to attune instantly - establishes precedent for skipping attunement time period for god artifacts