#### Cassander “Cass” 
###### Human Paladin, Oath of the Ancients, mid 20s 
Cass is a tall, strong human with wavy black hair and beard, unkempt from his time in prison. His skin has grown pale from the lack of sunlight and he’s clearly lost weight, but the first thing most would notice is his missing left arm. He also bears a brand upon his left breast depicting a hand holding an oar, but he keeps this covered except when changing, bathing, and the like. His steely gray eyes betray a sadness even his smile cannot conceal. Bio: Cass has been in the Dretch for more than half a year. Depressed and dejected upon arrival, he’s since found solace in helping the sick and wounded with his remaining healing hand. This caused some friction with the guards, but Cass was able to defuse this at first with his silver tongue, and later with bribes of booze. With smuggled supplies he’s set up a simple still, and creates a harsh alcohol he calls “moon’s wine”. He refuses to let his missing left arm slow him down when it comes to mining, and helps supplement the output of those in need. He’s also been seen performing funeral rites for the fallen in the name of Eidyn. While he’s happy to make small talk and share a drink or three, he’s known to avoid talking about his missing arm or how he ended up in the Dretch.

#### Cheria (Sherry-ah) Hart
###### Human Cleric, Life, 30
> "Some people cannot be cured, but everyone can heal."

A calm voice amongst the gloom of the Dretch, Cheria is a welcome presence in the dreary prison camp. Her long red hair is braided down her back, and her green eyes exude a certain wisdom and warmth, reflecting her role as a sort of mother figure within the Dretch. If you've found yourself with any sort of cut or minor injury while mining ore over the last few weeks, you've probably had an encounter with Cheria. She is quick to help treat one's wounds in any way she can, making use of what little supplies she can find at her disposal. Some of the local prisoners may tall you about her reputation as a great healer from a small village not far away. But there are also whispers from the prisoners of various rumors as to how she ended up here. Stories range from all kinds, murder of a high political figure, theft of a rare artifact, igniting the people to rise up in rebellion, etc. All the different stories you hear have one thing in common. They all brand her a traitor. If asked, Cheria doesn't have much to say about these stories. She clutches her necklace, depicting a set of silver scales, as she confidently smiles and states that the only thing she did was aid those who were suffering. Her smile portrays confidence, but not content. There is a look of determination in her face, a belief that it is only a matter of time before the next step in her journey.


#### Glubbery Portshire
###### ??? Rogue, Thief, ???
Not much is known about the shady figure that the guards call, "Mr. Portshire.". He seems to keep to himself, and has remained covered in ripped rags and dirty robes since his arrest and detainment. No one's even heard his voice let alone seen his face. Rumours are swirling around the Dretch as to what this cloaked figure had done to wind up in jail, though with his name, Portshire, a name so well known and renowned around Revas' criminal underbelly and neerdowells it is being talked about that this mysterious figure is _the_ Portshire, the famous cat burgler responsible for the Diamond heist in Willsden, the great Cloche treasure disappearance of 32, and the oft whispered about Jumbly job. A shitty artist rendition of the cloaked figure has been made.

#### Sarannis Dh'uunar 
###### Drow  Wizard, Evocation, 75
> "A calculated risk is no risk at all." 

Cynicism, Pragmatism, Ambition. These three things can be considered the driving forces for Sarannis. For most of his life, he enjoyed the comforts of nobility, and was being prepared to be the hand of the future maiden of the house, his elder sister. However, as they do, Dragons rarely show mercy for mistakes, and Sarannis learned this the hard way, as he watched his Mother and Father melt at the feet of the Black Dragon who ruled them. Wishing to not subject himself, or his family to this Tyranny any longer, he left for the surface world seeking power through magic. It did not take long for him to find his opportunity, as it came in the form of Faefolk wandering the mountains. With Orcish and Kobold allies he had made in his short time, they ambushed the elves and their kin, slaughtering them all, and Sarannis took a spell book as his prize. This spell book however, was barley filled and would not be a fast-track solution to his problems. Still, it was a start. However all actions have consequences, and that would quickly become apparent when he was arrested for murdering allies of the Imperium. The faefolk must have been traders, or traitors, or some other affiliate with the Aedusians, who do not abide losing assets. Once finely dressed in black and gold robes, now tattered and beaten, in no small part due to his unwillingness to submit to these.. barbarians above the surface, Sarannis seeks to be free, even if it means walking underneath this rather annoying Sun.

#### Valindra Tel’Rena 
###### Wood Elf Ranger, Drakewarden, 115

> “_It is not that bad. There will always been another path to find. The fun is finding it!_”

Ever know someone that always finds the bright side of things? That is Valindra. Perhaps the stress-free life of the Fae live contorts a person into thinking life is not that hard. Or perhaps an Elf, with their long lives just find the mundane existence a nothing. She speaks with a bounce and expectation of better things. Valindra always has a moment for others. Helping when her fellow prisoners seem to find struggle in their own ways. Smiling as she lifts their loads with ease. Smiling when she eats what little they give. The smile always paints her face as she slams the pickaxe down again and again into the stone. You would think she was a dwarf for how happy she appears breaking that stone. The smile only blemished by a faded burn scar about her face, obscured by her auburn hair. Her figure not as imposing as you would expect for someone showing such strength; well-toned for sure, standing at average height. Her hair always tied back into a pony tail, bouncing like her speech. She moves more earth than any other prisoner. It is a wonder to see such a elegant specimen of elvish decent do such manual labor. She turns and looks at you and you quickly catch something about her eyes, before that smile dominates your attention again as she waves at you before returning to her work.


#### Zephyra
###### Human Wizard, Bladesinger, 20

> _“Please, listen to me. I shouldn’t be here. What kind of bookkeeping does this place even have?!”_

If an abused puppy were personified, it would be Zephyra. It seems this woman has not fared well in her time here–rags cover dirt, scratches, cuts, bruises in various states of healing, and a smattering of soft freckles. Her hair is long, dark, and matted into a rat’s nest. Her eyes cringe at the torch-light. Her voice comes quietly, as if hoarse from a long period of disuse. Waifish, gaunt, and petite, she’s one of the few prisoners who scarfs down upon the scraps served by the prison as though they were the most delectable feast she’s ever tasted, and curls up on her bedroll as if it were a plush mattress of softest down. She’s a perplexing contradiction, this one. At times, her face is curious and eager, bright-eyed and taking in everything around her with wonder, awe, and a disconcertingly shrewd look. At other times, Zephyra shies away, clearly drawn to the strangers around her but too fearful and wary to trust them. Whoever she is, she seems to be a calculating thinker and a very, very shit miner.