The Demonic Age came about after the First Age not long after magic was discovered and became commonplace. It was through magic that mortals seeking power began communing with demons, which through their ignorance allowed demons to enter into the world. Chaos ensured until eventually strong enough demonlords rose to prominence to where it brought about some stabilization. Powerful enough to keep their lessers in check and rivals in a place where they could not simply walk in and trounce them, the threat of mutually assured destruction brought a peace to the continent in it's own unusual way. Mortals were used as slaves within demon territories, but what humans could do were far less efficient to what a demon could, so while subservient, as long as they did not speak out or offend their masters, they were taken care of. Sure there were sacrifices now and then, but in exchange there was always food on the table and shelter above their heads. Many demons were also great collectors of knowledge. While the intent was almost always to gain an advantage over another, it resulted in grand libraries being built through the various territories. While off limit to mortals, demons were not always stickler for the rules, which gave many mortals pathways to abilities some consider to be unnatural. The Demonic Age came to an end when dragons, a rare site on the continent, suddenly saw a great migration from beyond the ocean to Skediwen, challenging demon rule like it never had before. Not adept at fighting such foes with both great knowledge and power, many demon lords were destroyed, with only a handful managing to make it through the initial purge by cloistering themselves in the most inhospitable reaches of the land.

* The end of the War of Unity took place 84 years prior, marked by the last major opposition forces surrendering and Osric formally establishing the Dominion.  
* 10 years prior, the murder of Karz takes place. Osric is stripped of 4 of the 5 artifacts once gifted to him by what are commonly referred to as the “civil” gods. Karz’s body rapidly deteriorates into a pool of liquid gold that seeps into the ground. A sapling is found 3 days later. At 4 weeks the tree would reach its zenith as a 40ft tall tree reminiscent of an oak tree, though coated in a soft gold light.  
* 9.5 years ago, rebellions began around the southern regions of the continent. A year and a half later the first major defections within the grand army are seen.  
* 1.8 years ago, an armada of ships arrived on the shores of Skediwen. Major cities along the coast swiftly fall to a foreign army consisting of humans and “beast folk”.