###### Day 24
## Summary
The party rested at Lord Welmer's sanatorium and was ambushed at night.

## IC Synopsis - Valindra
> In the aftermath of the ambush we meet up with the older human who assisted us. His name is Lord Welmer. He runs a sanatorium in the area for the ailing. He explained how the fresh air and nature was used to help those recover. Living in the wilds as long as I have, I can not disagree with the healing properties of the world itself. 
   Wilmar invited us to his residence for a bit of respite. I am sure Ailbhe would be adverse to spending time in the company of unknown humans again, the rest of the group was not going to pass up an opportunity to rest off the road, so we took up this Lord's offer. To both Ailbhe and mine surprise he spoke to us in a broken form of Elvish, welcoming us in our own language. 
   The manor itself was decently sized. I have seen much large in the cities, but for being out in the wilderness, it was a big enough size. Rhenka, being unable to enter the door proper, chose to rest in the barn, Rem sending Annica in there as well. 
   In the manor proper we are invited in, the coach check, Tori, asked if he could hold our belongings. I not one to part with them declined. Though Rem and Lewis did leave some items. Lewis particularly his shoes, which seems a bit odd to walk around barefoot in this unfamiliar abode. Lord Wilmar leads us to a large hall with a table to share in a meal. After watching the other eye the food over, and taking a few bites myself, feeling it safe, I nod to Ailbhe to let her know she can trust it. I do hope this is a better meal than she has had in some time.
   During dinner we were able to learn more of Valdrheim from the lord. Learning that it was originally sacked by the Rexum 30-40 years ago and the city fell to a curse right after. The undead were small in number and have only grown since then. The organization and intelligence does seem to have grown overtime as well.
   Just before our first bites Rem offers prayer for the food. The lord seemed a bit out of practice, though he seemed to shy away when Lewis offered prayer to St. Amelda. Though he does not speak of it.
   Also during diner the lord was kind enough to tell us more of the north as well. The river being the most important. As it acts as a natural barrier from the undead crossing it. Though he has seen even an undead dragon of sorts. Rem was quick to boast our beating of the black dragon. Lord Welmer accepted that as fact even without proof! He seems quite trusting. He even mentioned the elves to the north, as they are none too friendly. Somewhat confirming what Rhenka and Ailbhe told us.
   I was curious myself before he made his way to bed as to how he speak Elvish. He mentioned elves in his employ, (I did not take it as if they were employed involuntary like myself and Ailbhe), and that he learned their language to help communicate with them. Even more surprisingly he noted that he did not see us as a cursed people. It is strange to hear that from a human. Coming from a demon was one thing, but a human makes it more... meaningful?
   As the Lord takes his leave of us to retire for the evening, Persephone sneaks out under her invisibility spell. I do wish she would have given us some heads up of her plan. If aught would have befallen her, we would not have known for sometime. Rem too takes his leave, though he tells us that he was going to check on Annica. Tori did act somewhat odd as to bar Rem from leaving the manor. Though after some conversation he did.
   Lewis and I hear a loud noise from the hall, as we poke our heads out we see the two suits of armor in the lobby come to life. Animated by some magics. Lewis is unable to decern what type, as Persephone returns to us. The other servant, Prudence scolds the armor back to their spots. 
   In one of the bedrooms we speak as a group. Persephone telling us of her scouting, as well as Rem informing us of what he learned from Hypithia the night before. Persephone and Lewis then get into an argument over using Hypithia for each of their own knowledges. Persephone for her family, Lewis for additional information on the cure for Rem. Though there is time for both, one does not want to wait for the other. I thought it wise in this moment not to add my wishes to ask the book about Sajj'aka's resurrection. Persephone urges us to stay in the room for bed, but Rem and Lewis leave, annoyed to their own room.
   I take my rest as the others take watch. Persephone and Ria talk about using the book about Ria's sister and finding a way to help. Ria of course already knows what she must destroy to help her sister. After that chat, Ria heads to rest herself. Upon my awakening I notice Ria unsettled in her rest. As if she was hurting from it.
   Undenounced to me Ria was conversing with a harbinger of Xi'Talla. This creature trying to find common ground with Ria, nothing that they are both after destruction. Ria notes her destruction is far more pointed, and point a lightning bolt at the harbinger. The blast does not do much to the entity, who retorts attacking Ria's mind, stunning her and injuring her. The pain carrying over to Ria waking up. Which as I wake myself hear commotion from the room where Rem and Lewis are. We are attacked in our sleep! Perhaps Lord Welmer was too good to be true...

## Notes
- Servant - **Prudence**, brought dinner. Also another servant, **Tori**.
	- Lord Whalmer asked what we were doing, Rem said we had liberated some slaves and were escorting them north, said we also had business in Valdrheim and asked what he knew.
		- He said it was a curse upon the city. Historically only in the city bounds, but now expanding. Also undead problem in Temut. Creatures are more intelligent and organized.
		- Rem and Lewis said grace. Lewis mentioned St. Imelda, Whalmer glanced away at it.
		- We discussed routes north, recommended the town of Kula to stop by. Most undead don't cross the river.
		- Saw a dragon made of bone and fire flying about. 
	- He went to bed, I cast invis and trailed him. Checked out the mansion. Locked door behind the stairs.
		- I tried to pick the door. 22 - not enough to open it. 2 armored creatures animated when I triggered the door, went to go stand in front of it. Prudence told them to go back to where they were standing and they obeyed. Lewis mentioned he was interested and inspected them. Prudence said Lord Whalmer 
	- Rem went outside to try and tend to his horse, front door was locked, front doorman Tori seemed nervous and had to unlock
- We went upstairs
	- I cast Leomund's Tiny Hut - told them about the door. Rem encouraged me to drop it.
	- Rem told us about what he learned from Hypithia - about the fruit, curing the plague by ascending, the Rexum wanting it. I asked if we were making him a god, he said we could find others more suited. If he falls, he wants one of us to do it in his stead. Lewis suggested me since I'm the closest to it. 
		- Rem suggested we start reaching out to our allies and mention them to try and start a rebellion. We discussed reaching back out to Lucius/Brumer, etc. 
		- Ria suggested we continue to look for a cure elsewhere but Perse didn't think it would bear anything. 
		- Perse asked to borrow Hypithia soon. Lewis asked to confirm that Remove Curse is the only way to cure the plague. She was annoyed at Rem for not prioritizing her questions. Rem gave her the book - Hypithia requires at least a day to recharge.
	- Ria cast detect magic - rug is magic, statues, and door (Abjuration).
	- Ria asked the servant about the cellar in the back, it used to be the morgue. Storage now. She said they don't understand how the undead plague works just in case there's undead spawning down there. Catacombs. Ria came and told me. 
	- I asked Ria about asking Hyphithia about her sister, she doesn't want to know where, knowledge is a dangerous infection. Said she's probably at her home. I asked if she was interested in asking about lord SJ, she said maybe. I asked if she wanted to know how to help her sister, maybe. I was sympathetic.
	- META: Ria had a dream. Creepy. In a desert, grey ashen sand, barren charred trees. Hooded figure in black. "Hello child." Wants her. Said it was a philanthropist here to help. It senses pain in Ria. Wants to guide her towards the right way. Ria was cold and standoffish.
		- This universe runs on indifference - doesn't punish cruelty or correct injustice, just is. Offered her a release from pain. Ria called her a manipulator. 
		- Her family isn't unique, just features of this ecosystem. Wanted to know what Ria's goals were, what if they wanted the same thing. Destruction. Why should existence exist? Ria said only her own aims matter. But Xi'talla put herself in her path. Ria has no interest in working with her, wants to destroy her. 
		- Figure took off her hood. Humanoid, white skin, red eyes, insectlike appendages on the head. Said she isn't who Ria thinks she is - she's a harbinger of "Sleeping Mother", Xi'talla. Offered Ria to join her. Ria cone of lightning'd her. It mind blasted her. It said hope was just an illusion to avoid pain. When all is destroyed, no one will be afraid or alone or hate themselves again. This world will fade to black
	- We were attacked in our sleep - I had dome up - 2 creatures emerged from the wardrobes and attacked Rem and Lewis, humanoid but heads were giant mouths wrapped in cloth. They attacked them nonlethally. Others in our wardrobe but the dome blocked them. Abberations. They're immune to poison and acid.

H questions
- Lewis's
- Why am I alive?
- What are Xchimaltia and Hades doing together?
- What kind of life did Zagreus lead?