###### Day 23-24
## Summary


## IC Synopsis - 
> **Title**
     In the presence of this *idiot* who keeps me enraged
     We free the remaining slaves still encaged
     I best attempt to stay cheerful and light
     While my coups de grace clean up the fight
     /
     Rem persuaded the giant to wait just a second
     And retreat with us first before acquiring a weapon
     
     



## Notes
- We freed the prisoners and killed the redcap. Perse killed the remaining mercenaries
	- Giant woman started beating the wall of a nearby house to find a weapon, Rem persuaded her tell her to stop and we'd make her one.
- Foreign fighters A & B. Elf - Ailbhe (pronounced Alva), doesn't speak common well, sticks to Valindra. Giantess - Rhenka
	- A & B thanked us and left. Lewis gave them a Scimitar, they recognized it as being from Barca, we have the LG's blessing. They offered Lewis hugs and called him friend. They gave us all hugs, Ria didn't let them. 
	- Alva is from the west, near Aosmhor Forest. She's been captured for a long time, 8 months
		- She's 21 years old
	- Rhenka is from the north, captured only for 7 days, offered to take us to her tribe for thanks
		- Rem asked if they know of Valdrhiem, asked if her people could help us, she said maybe, we'd have to talk to the chieftain
		- She's 43 years old, which is ~18 in giant
- We set up camp - tiny hut
	- Rhenka asked for a greataxe, Lewis crafted her one. Her presence drops the temp by 20
	- Perse asked about Rhenka's tribe - **Farbauta** (named after her father). They are strong but more smaller folk + undead incursions. Lots of chaos at home. Their tribe is 8 total giants. There are many tribes of giants in the north. Some hotter and uglier. I asked what their tribe does - they mostly try to survive and live in peace, stay out of trouble with the smallfolk. Says the snow elves aren't as friendly up north.
	- Ailbhe referred to the snow elves as the wild ones, they're very different from her kind. Isn't sure if she'd be welcomed among them. She isn't a fighter, wanted to come with us. We suggested we come with us to the frost giant tribe, we might leave her there since we're going to Valdrheim next.
	- Watch
		- Rhenka asked Lewis to inscribe something in the axe for her
- Next day
	- Rhenka was excited to get her axe from Lewis, she touched the symbol and a layer of ice covered it. Leaves frost where it hits.
		- Lewis made the inscription, she enchanted it. It's the rune of her family, powerful. Lewis asked if he could do it again, Rhenka said maybe she could teach him but would have to marry him.
	- We travelled north
		- Rem beat a rhythm while they travelled with Ailbhe behind him on Annica. Perse joined in with her strumming and Rhenka sang in giant.
	- Encounter with an ornately armored knight missing one hand and other riders on horses. Missing hand's armor looks like it's shaped like a cannon 
		- Rem had Annica ride Ailbhe to safety.
		- Told us to surrender or die. Perse asked who they were, **Reinhart**, here on orders from the countess of Temut to arrest the murderers of the Setting Sun
		- He shot a fireball out of his cannon at us.
			- Threw smoke bombs, Valindra Gust of Winded to clear a path
		- Perse hypnotic patterned most of them
			- Lewis asked if he should light up the group, both Ria and Perse said no, he did it anyways and killed a bunch of the horses.
		- One of them was a vampire, not Reinhart. Rem pointed it out. 