###### Day 26-27
## Summary


## IC Synopsis - Valindra
>

## Notes
- Rem Divine Sensed, found a crude desecrated totem inside the Frostmourne's chest replacing the heart. Has giant runes on it. Ears of a fey/elvish creature attached. 
	- Rhenka knows these people, they were from her tribe. She was crying. The runes translate to "Second Life." I asked if she had anything special to do for the dead, usually they bury them, but we burnt them instead. 
		- I asked how many might be left in her tribe, maybe 5-10
- 2 hrs later - tribe village
	- Young white dragon chained up
	- Some children emerged, also one large giant adult. Rem and Perse played with the kids a bit
	- Rhenka emerged with her parents, they are massive. Her dad was fairly old, spoke very well in common, greeted us, thanked us for rescuing his daughter, the last of their line. Said Rhenka has returned in shame bc she let herself be captured. They want to feast for us.
		- I mentioned we wanted Ailbhe to stay with them. Ailbhe started crying and wanted to go home. Valindra asked that safe place of protection be provided at this tribe, said that one day Valindra wanted to return to bring her home. 
			- The tribe leader gave us his word they would treat her to their hospitality, but can't guarantee her survival. She'll have to keep up with their travels 
		- We talked about the undead we encountered, Rem showed the totem. Tribe leader said it is a cursed item created by those who would wish to destroy them. There has been a feud with the snow elves for the last few years. They're not sure why but the elves have been attacking them using guerilla tactics. 
			- Rem asked if any connection to Valdrheim, yes there is some kind of connection given the magic but not sure. The Snow elves have only recently been raising the dead. Attacks have increased to harvest giant bodies. 
			- They're not sure what their total numbers are, but in groups usually 8-9 at a time. Rhenka's older sister had died to the elves. 
			- Rem asked if we aided them against the snow elves, would they help us with Valdrheim? He offered to escort them south of the river and back again. Farbauti said he'd think about it and let us know in the morning.
		- Leader - **Chief Farbauti**, and his wife **Lady Snjor**
- Feasting
	- They offered lots of alcohol and meat. Rem was chowing down. Lewis gave the dragon meat and they tossed him around in celebration. 
	- Perse asked Rem if getting them involved in Valdrheim, suggested they become allies vs the Rexum/part of the new empire.
		- I asked why Rem is so resistant to becoming King, he's worried about being corrupted. Rem wants to reach out to his mentor to see if he believes he's ideal. This man raised him. Ulrich. Ulrich was in the capital last he saw him.
			- I asked him about his childhood. He grew up in Shadeleaf with his brothers and parents. They ran a small store. Was a good life. 
			- I asked when he became a lab rat. He was 11 when the plague struck. His mother took him to the capital and that's when he was transformed. He was experimented on for a few months to a year. Ulrich got him out. He tried to lead Rem away from the Cathars actually. Rem looked up to him as a Cathar so wanted to be him. 
			- I asked about Mirko - Rem hasn't seen him since before he was 11. He's a bard, Rem said I would like him. I suggested Lewis could also send him a message. 
	- The young white dragon was found as an egg and was raised by Faurbati as his own. 
	- Rhenka left camp looking angry and crying, Ria followed and checked up on her, shared with her some beer. 
		- META: Rhenka is seen as a failure. Her father is a legend. Her sister was always better, disappeared, they were close. 
			- Ria commiserated since her sister was lost too. Her grandfather died when she was young. She'll kill her family for revenge. 
			- They bonded. Rhenka asked what Ria wants -- just to be satisfied. Rhenka wants to be friends. She asked what our plans were - we might help with the snow elves but after that we'll leave.
			- Rhenka told her a secret -- that her sister is a live and that she has to be the one to kill her. 
	- Snjor was singing, Perse played some music to accompany. Lewis got drunk and passed out. 
	- META: Lewis sent a msg to LG. "Living god, do you yet stand despite your sister’s pursuit? I need your strength to break a wolf’s curse. I will side with you!" LG would prefer to have a conversation with him in dream.
		- Dream: Lewis asked about LG about curing Rem's curse. LG recommends exsanguinating Rem and using the Karzstus flasks to replace his blood. Or needs another source of healing/blood, we can share in his pain by replacing his blood with ours.
		- Lewis bonded with the LG, LG said it was just a failsafe so that Lewis doesn't turn against him, but he believes in choice. 
		- LG looked into St. Imelda, found that she exists but is trapped, is still listening. 
- Morning
	- Lewis acted normal, I got Hypithia from him
	- Breakfast - Faurbati asked for clarification, Rem agreed with my points, he said we'll help with the snow elves and leave it an open ended answer on how to return the favor. He wants to improve relations between his kind and the giants. I mentioned we'll likely depose the Rexum and we'll probably need their help there. Rem agreed. 
		- If we can guarantee the survival of the frost giants, they will owe us a life debt, but only us specifically.
		- Our party is friend to their tribe. They agree to be allies if we stop them from being hunted by the snow elves, and will provide aid as needed.
		- Faurbati recommended stealth/infiltrating. There is one elf who has gathered many tribes and united them, **The Matron.** He said head to the northeast--to find them.
	- We planned to investigate for the day then return tomorrow to prepare.
		- I mentioned we were preparing for Lewis's ritual to cleanse Rem's affliction. Lady Snjor mentioned to the east there are a tribe of shapeshifters. Could be an option to learn how to control it. Rem said he wants to get rid of it or else die. 
		- Lewis asked about other frost giants, the rune Rhenka taught him will identify us as part of Faurbati's tribe.
		- Perse told Faurbati to be kinder to Rhenka. She's young and should be taught from her mistakes, not punished for them. Faurbati politely told me to stay out of it. 
		- META: Ria messaged Rhenka if she was coming, Rhenka said yes, with or without permission. The Matron is the one who took her sister. 
- We left
	- Ria let us know Rhenka would catch up with us.
	- Hypithia
		- I asked about my son's life. He missed me. He tried to get me back. He pleaded with my father to get involved. Heartbroken, my husband wasn't able to and moved on. Zagreus couldn't take this and lashed out against his father and was put in his place. Lord Hades and Zagreus are locked in a conflict. Neither know I'm alive. They are both in the realm of Xchimaltia, one willingly, one not.
		- Hades hasn't been alive, but not dead, belongs to Xchimaltia. The gods have only made themselves known recently, but the GD has existed here for thousands of years, and only the earliest children know of it's true design and will. Xchimaltia, Hypithia, and Yaluska, and Osanda are the earliest. 