###### Day 25 - 26
## Summary
The party slew the second attack of the Viridian Scales.

## IC Synopsis - Tales from Persephone
>

## Notes
- Short Rest
	- Valindra cut out the dragon heart and offered it to Ria, who was uncertain and passed.
		- Valindra can now cast Slow once per day.
	- Rhenka asked Ria why she didn't partake, b/c she isn't sure of it's affects. Confirmed it was related to her scales. Ria doesn't want to become more draconic.
	- Ria asked Lewis to adjust the draconic figurine she looted to look different. 
	- Lewis harvested some dragon meat to gift to the tribe, I helped. Ria had Valindra harvest some acid.
	- We burned some bodies.
- Sunset - Rhenka led us to Norvegg river crossing. Narrow point but largest river in the continent, ~550 ft.
	- She said there were many dangerous creatures in the water, serpents, etc.
	- Valindra offered to water walk tomorrow. We elected to fly over tonight given the dangers of the river. Ria cast Fly on Betsy, Annica, and Rhenka (who carried Lewis and Ria). 100 ft above the air. Distant singing, 300 ft range. Rem and Anicca fell asleep but I shook them awake. 
	- We flew to 500 ft total to circumvent whatever it was, Valindra Pass without Trace, we flew around them 2 miles towards Rhenka's.
		- We landed, shambling creature chained to the ground, hunched over, looks like the scream face. We don't know what it is. 
		- Also some weird giant wendigo things? 
		- We continued forward and went around these creatures, we found a remote clearing
	- Long Rest
		- Rem asked Lewis about Hypithia, she's dormant until tomorrow. 
		- Persephone asked Lewis about his decisions on the Hand. Lewis wants to, he feels bad about the LG, he's in trouble. As much as Lewis doesn't want them to be a part of this world, they are, and they're fighting for what he believes in. He has a problem with their actions but says we all make mistakes. He believes the LG deserves a second chance. I suggested he communicate with the LG. He believes a conversation is warranted and he will discuss the situation with him soon. Sending. 
			- Perse urged him to strike a good bargain and not get taken advantage of. 
			- I asked what he thought about King Rem. We thought he was a good man. He asked if I would make any other kings. I said no, not of the demons, they aren't leadership material. Lewis doesn't want to lose Rem out of the party. Perse and him talked about the party ending, she said he'd make a good straight man to her scheming. 
	- Valindra asked Ria if it was wise to proceed through night, Ria said yeah, if we had stayed we also could've encountered something. 
		- Valindra isn't sure how the Scales were tracking us. 
		- Ria said we will stay ignorant if we don't move. The only way is forward. Valindra agreed that is the best past to go.  
	- Rem talked to Valindra about his dreams of running in the field towards something in the horizon. Valindra asked if he enjoyed the run like a hound. He said it was more of a compulsion. 
		- They talked about the Scales. 
		- Rem talked about fruit deadline in 6 months, we need the artifacts and allies by then. Valindra asked about him not drinking from the flask, what about his disease? Rem said he suspects he'll have about a year before it claims him. He said he's gone without it close to a year before, he wishes no one to ever use a flask like this again. Valindra asked what if it saved someone's life. He avoided the question, said to think about it. 
- Morning
	- Rhenka said should be about 1-2 days. We talked about the full moon soon. Lewis pulled out Hypthia (Chris has decided on 1-2 questions a day. Can also cast the spells.)
		- He asked in general what is required to cure lycanthropy. Persephone urged him to ask specific questions about Rem's cure. 
			- Hypithia mentioned Rem's might require more of a ritual. Lewis asked about drawing and burning the blood. There could be side effects that could break down the ritual. She's unsure since Rem is a unique, first time situation.
			- Lewis asked if it would be beneficial to share in Rem's burden during the ritual (Warding Bond). Yes. Con saving throw.
			- Lewis asked about preparing Rem's body, soul, skin, if cleansing him would help. Hypithia said most important would be the mind. 
- We continued onwards 
	- Rhenka found 2 dead frost giants