###### Day 24-25
## Summary
Dietarch revealed himself to the party and teleported them outside, where they slew the house. In the morning, the party continued onwards and was ambushed by more Viridian Scales. 

## IC Synopsis - Rem's Ruminations
>Our battle with Lord Welmer and his forces had scarcely concluded when the house began to shudder and groan.  Unsettling sounds in the best of times, made even worse with the knowledge that the house was alive.  I did not intend to leave it so for long, but I also lacked the faintest idea on how to kill a living house.  I had little time to dwell on this dilemma, as our new companion Radomir urged us to escape.  Though he did not seem new to Valindra, Lewis, or myself.  In fact, it was as if he had been with us since we departed Verdighiem.  Persephone and Ria expressed their concerns about the human rogue in our midst, going so far as to attack him in an effort to bring the rest of us back to our senses.  When the three of us intervened to protect Radomir, they stopped their attacks and allowed us to search the rest of the manor’s bowels.  Valindra was able to recover Wuffi’s saddle while Radomir discovered a scroll of teleportation, a fortuitous find that would facilitate our escape.
  Acid poured down from the cracks and crevices above as Radomir pressed Perse and Ria to use the scroll and usher all of us out of the house.  They refused to do so, skeptical of the scroll and its source.  Even ensorceled, I shared some concerns and misliked the idea of teleporting to coordinates unknown.  We returned to the staircase we had descended from prior to our battle with Lord Welmer, only to find it dissolving in acid.  Perse shunted Lewis upwards with rope, hoping that he might find some foothold for us to use, but the poor man was coated in acid and nearly corroded for the attempt.  Perse and Ria discussed utilizing their remaining spellpower to escape, but shared that they only had enough magic left for four of us.  Radomir was to be left behind they declared, but the duo were unclear on who else to abandon.  I volunteered to stay behind with Radomir, when Persephone urged me to use my Divine Sense and gaze upon the man.  I obliged her, only to discover Radomir was no man at all.  With my revelation, Radomir shifted into a four-armed Fey-like form and revealed themself to be Detarch, god of wisdom, freedom, trickery, deceit, and luck.  My head ached as implanted memories were given proper perspective, though they did not fade.  Detarch, for their part, urged us to escape via the scroll of teleportation.  With no other option available, Ria and Persephone finally agreed.  Perse and I empowered Ria for the attempt, and she successfully transported all of us, including Detarch, out of the house and into the yard.
  Any relief at our escape was curtailed as the house uprooted itself and shambled towards us.  A glance towards the stables revealed Rhenka, Ailbhe, and Anicca safely sequestered in a spellwrought sphere.  The manor’s form had shifted into something vaguely humanoid; enough so that a door resembled a mouth, windows served as eyes, and I found some comfort in the familiarity.  Such creatures can be killed, afterall.  Detarch offered Lewis a kiss, which he accepted along with the healing magic it bestowed.  An odd method to be sure, but much needed after the spell-bond between Lewis and I left him battered and beaten.  Detarch was content to observe afterwards, lingering on the periphery but offering no further aid.  Not that it was needed, as my companions and I found our form against a ferocious foe.  Valindra was shaken by fear for a moment, but found her resolve after summoning a second, smaller dragon to assist us.  Wuffi took the brunt of the beating and was dispatched for the second time that day, along with Perse’s insect summon.  Lewis kept us battle ready, and even landed the finishing blow with his mace.  His form could still use some work, but it’s come a long way
  As the ruins of the sanatorium crumbled to the ground, we turned once more to Detarch.  The god admitted they’d been watching us for some time and wanted to lend a helping hand.  I mentioned our paths crossing on the road to Temut, prompting them to once more assume the form of the old woman Isolde.  In this form, Detarch claimed to have gotten ample usage of the silver dildo Lewis had gifted them, though I don’t recall any question prompting such an admission.  Detarch went on to share their wisdom with us: warning us against Zarunok’s meddling, opposing direct divine intervention in general, stating that the Rexum can be killed without the artifacts, and claiming Karz can be resurrected via the divine fruit.  They seemed interested in what I might do with the fruit, and I stated my desire to end the plague above all else.  When pressed by Lewis and Persephone, Detarch claimed to be neutral towards the Living God and even believes they have good intentions, though their means and goals are disagreeable.  Lewis thanked Detarch for their assistance as they departed and the god blew Ria a kiss in turn, reminding her of their failed, fabricated romance.  My head began to ache at the implications of such a thing, and I decided not to consider it further.
  Persephone remained on edge as we regrouped with Rhenka, Ailbhe, and Anicca before entering the barn.  Valindra noted Betsy was also inside as we gathered in Perse’s dome for a much needed respite.  Valindra and Rhenka opted to keep watch, the former having already completed her rest before the ambush in the sanatorium.  The two of them would go on to inspect the rubble as well, finding Tori’s unconscious body along with a sizable amount of coin, a variety of fortifying elixirs, an aquatic cloak, and Lewis’s shoes.  Tori was left bound for the group to discuss, though Ria had a more pressing topic to broach first.  She mentioned a vision of the Apex Queen, or more precisely her harbinger, and a growing concern that she would soon be corrupted.  Ria produced two letters, one for me and one for Persephone, containing instructions should she meet her demise.  A third copy she kept on her person.  Though the woman seemed resigned to her fate, she did not surrender, and suggested a regimen including regular inspections moving forward.  Lewis admitted to having a similar dream himself, though the rest of us seem to have been spared for now.  Persephone then produced the Hypithia book, and asked it if a cure for the Apex Queen’s infection exists.  Hypithia replied in the negative, and asserted that her corruption could only be resisted.  Fear and doubt would accelerate the process, and were to be avoided.  Easier said than done, I’m afraid, though I intend to help Ria however I might.  Should the worst come to pass I will respect her wishes, as I pray she will respect mine.  Ria led Persephone into the barn for the first of her examinations, as Valindra closed the door for her privacy and the rest of us waited outside.
  When they rejoined us, Perse slipped Hypithia into Lewis’s bag of holding with a comment about curing my affliction.  Five days remained until the full moon, a span of time that seemed both eternal and inconsequential.  Familiar fears began to surface, but I swallowed them down and marched towards Tori.  I freed him of his bonds and tossed a javelin at his feet, a courtesy my companions did not think he deserved.  When he insulted Valindra, Ailbhe, and Rhenka a moment later, I almost reconsidered myself.  Valindra hit him for the transgression, but I prevented Ria from taking it further before Tori finally ran off.  In his haste he must have stumbled, because a loud thud followed shortly thereafter.
  Valindra joined Ailbhe upon Betsy as we departed the ruins of the sanatorium.  A few hours of travel passed before the beating of wings drew our attention.  An adult copper dragon, mounted by a draconic man, descended and blocked our path.  He shouted for Ria to surrender as his fellow Veridian Scales emerged from the brush to engage…

## Notes
- Rem cured wounds Lewis 
	- Random dude Radomir said he was our party member, as if totally normal, only Ria and I thought it was unusual, Rem and Lewis and Valindra acted as if normal. Rem healed him. 
		- I dispel magicked Rem but it didn't seem to do anything. He gave us a scroll of teleportation, had coordinates on it. I took it and refused to cast it. I teleported Lewis up with a Fey Step into acid.
		- They argued, I told them I'd only use the scroll if Radomir killed himself, he refused, said he'd stay, Rem offered to stay with him. I told Rem to divine sense, he sensed celestial, Radomir transformed into **Dietarch**. Rem, Valindra, and Lewis all returned to normal. 
			- He said the tp scroll takes us 60 ft outside of the house. Ria cast it, bardic inspo + enhance ability
- We tp'd out front, house boss. Our friends in the barn were in a resilient sphere.
	- Dietarch kissed Lewis, who healed for 62.
	- House is resistant to psychic and necrotic
	- Valindra used Summon Fey for the first time, little irridescent purple dragon with antlers
- After
	- I turned down Lewis's healing 
	- I asked why Dietarch spared the two of us of the duplicity, he said it was more fun that way. He turned into Ysolde and pulled out the silver dildo on a stick
	- I asked what he wanted - he wants to lend a helping hand, got the gods attention. The house has the ability to trap us inside of itself, short of a spell to bend reality, we weren't getting out of there. 
	- He knows we have important items on us, and one that belongs to the living god. He doesn't think mortals should have them and it was a mistake to let us have them. He wanted to pass some wisdom on Zarunok - said Z is a meddler. The more the gods get involved, the worse the world becomes. Be cautioned with what he wants us to do - it won't be so simple when it comes to Rem's agreement with him. D doesn't know the specifics but is guessing Z wants to impose order and rule. Valindra told D Z wanted someone to take control. Like a new Rexum.
		- D told us about Rexums' mental state - our mortal bodies and minds can't wield such powers. It broke the Rexum's mind and created a monster. 
			- Rem said we don't intend to let one person use all of them. Said we don't want to repeat the mistakes of the past but will use what we can. D asked about the fruit. 
			- D says he's fine with mortal meddling, just not the gods. D says he likes mortals and is tired of us destroying ourselves. 
			- D said it was Karz's idea to choose a champion. He said we could use the fruit to resurrect Karz. Rem said he just wants to end the plague.
			- Rem asked what D wants us to do. He said he wants us to try without relying on the strength of the gods. He said we could probably face the Rexum on our own.
			- Rem asked what about fighting the gods. Perse interjected and asked if the gods intended to deal with godly affairs - that there are many threats that are trying to devour Skediwen. He says he believe they can and have been doing their best/trying. I told them to do better. He circled me. Perse was uncomfortable. 
			- D tried to remove Ria's glasses. She backed up. Said there's no need for her to live in a prison of her own design. D said she doesn't let anyone close to her, like she's locking herself up. Ria clarified it was a fortress/bulwark, not a prison. 
				- D joked he was going to tell the others about his and Ria's sexual escapades had the charade gone on longer
		- Lewis asked about the living god, D said he's neutral on it. The LG snuck in and doesn't belong. D doesn't agree with what he's trying to do. Said it's trying to save a world that is long since gone - things are different now and require a different approach. 
			- Lewis thanked D on behalf of the group for getting us out of the house. D told us to take care and he will be watching. 
- We rested in the barn
	- Ria said there was something we needed to discuss in the morning
	- Valindra/Rhenka looked among the house, found Tori unconscious, she bound him. 
		- 1,400 GP in coinage:
		- 140 PP
		- Dust of Dryness
		- Scroll of Protection from Celestials
		- Eyedrops of Clarity
		- Iron Belly
		- 3 Potion of Holistic Wellness
	- I went and burned some bits of the house
		- Cloak of the Manta Ray
	- Ria's convo - we left the NPCs out
		- She said she received another vision from the Harbinger of the Insect Queen, it is trying to corrupt her - knowledge is an infection. She handed a folded and sealed letter to Rembrandt and Persephone. In the event it is necessary to kill her, these are instructions - what to do with her corpse and who to reach out for assistance in her absence. She also tucked away a third copy into her stuff. 
			- She said much of the corruption has manifested physically, she will submit herself to regular inspection.
			- Valindra asked if she would be open to being imprisoned in case there was another solution. Ria said she doubted we would be able to hold her. She refused to become a liability. Also we know that once someone becomes infected, they disappear after a while. 
	- Persephone asked if anyone else was infected in their dreams, Rem says he dreams of golden fields. Lewis said he has had multiple gods in his dreams, also the same presence affecting Ria. 
		- I popped open Hypithia and asked if she was ready to talk today. Chris is enforcing the spells rule now. 
			- Divination - I asked how does one cure the Apex Queen's infection of someone. There is no cure, there is only resistance. Only one who is able to not give in to those that she feeds on - doubt, fear, uncertainty - can one overcome the pool and resist the transformation. People do not often give up intentionally. 
				- I suggested we perform regular mental exercises - also she needs confidence in herself and her allies. She immediately walked into the barn and demanded an inspection - Perse assisted. She's covered in scaly patches, blunted scales, scarring from where the scales have been - I investigated her and found no bug stuff.
		- Chris mentioned he'll tweak the book
- Perse asked about what we'll do with Tori - Rem cut him loose and gave him a javelin. He's on his own. Tori called some of our party freaks and Valindra went and punched him in the face. Ria tried to kill him and Rem stopped her. He called Valindra an elf bitch.
	- I psychic lanced him - he survived but I assumed he was dead. 
	- Betsy was alive - we gave Ailbhe the horse. Valindra rode with her and showed her how to ride it. 
- Travelling North - 2 hours in, sound of wings - Adult Copper Dragon with a draconic humanoid rider. It said "Ria Drakesbane, we have come for you." Said come peacefully or else. Ambush of Viridian Scales. Valindra recognizes someone.