###### Day 25 - 26
## Summary
The party crossed the Norvegg river and fought off undead giants.

## IC Synopsis - Valindra
>A hard fought battle ends with us finishing off Drago.
  As we struck him down I am reminded of my time back with the scales, when Drago was born. He was a small frail thing, born in the dead of winter. One of the coldest winters we have experienced. His parents desperate to keep the small child warm commanded me to go out in the cold to cut enough lumber to keep their home warmer than normal. Those days and nights were cold and long. Endlessly splitting the wood in front of me so that the others may be warm. I does seem my efforts were successful as he did seem to be quite healthy. That is until he shift back from the plane that Lewis sent him to and our collective weapons ended his being. To think I once labored so hard to keep him from succumbing to nature. 
  His appearance though is strange. He was human last I saw him. This... half draconic form is new. I wonder if it would be best to mention that to the others...
  Upon Persephone's observation we collected the bodies to burn them. Helping hide our trail as we move on. I do worry about the one scale that did happen to escape on her mount. I do hope that does not bode for further attacks.
  After a brief rest and clearing the field we continued our journey north. Making it to the Nornegg River just as night began to fall. The river was far more vast than I had anticipated. Rhenka said this was one of the best places to cross, as it was the most narrow and tame of current. As it was night I did suggest we make camp, as I could use my magic to help us cross in the morning. Persephone, posed to Rhenka of the dangers of the river, which she noted that there were plenty. Opting to bypass this challenge entirely, Persephone and Ria, used their magics to cast a fly spell on us and the steeds. In the dark of night we swiftly took to the sky over the rapid body of water.
  As we reached the other shore a soothing sound was carried to us on the wind. Wuffi, up front shook off some tiredness from this sound, but the others were not as lucky. Have to rouse our allies who succumb to sleep from this tune, we opted to change course and angle ourselves higher and further to avoid any trouble. This direction change worked out into our favor and we sailed a couple of miles from the river without trouble. Though our travel was eventless, I do feel like I could have been of more use if we had gone in the morning...
  Setting down in what looks as best of a trail as possible we pressed on following Rhenka's lead. It has become obvious that we are close to her home. She guide us through these woods as if someone who has lived in them for years. I can see in her eyes the recognition of landmarks and a confidence in wayfinding that seemed lost to her when we were closer to Temut. Just as we press on though, several us see and hear in the dark a creature ahead of us. Upon further look we find a creature of the undead. Though it seems to be chained to a place in the earth. Not wanting to spring was is most assuredly a trap, we sneak on by without its notice of us. 
  When it seems we are without the prying eyes of ill intent we settle in for the night under the protection of Persephone's dome. Though Betsy was unable to join us, she was fine throughout the night. Lewis took this time to confer with Hypatia, on the nature of Lycanthopy and the afflictions on Rem. The results of which do help reinforce our plan of action as being the right of it. The full moon bears down on us, I hope that we are able to cure Rem without issue.
  Upon the night we separate into watches. Having been awake most of the previous night and day, I chose to take rest first. Fresh as I was to battle Lord Welmer, that days challenges have worn on me and much needed rest. I must have been more tired than I realized. Normally when I rest my body I am able to perceive the conversations of the others and be aware of what they are saying. The entirety of my rest I was focused on rest itself it seems, as I was unable to follow what the others were talking about.
  At the end of my rest I spent some time with Rem on our guard. Talking about our encounter with the scales again. As we spoke it had dawn to me that he has not taken of his flask in a few days. Asking him the why of it, Rem was adamant to never take of the flask again. Noting that he knows its true nature and refuses to sustain himself with that of those who have fallen. I tried to understand his thinking. Those were already dead, so what was the harm in it? Rem explained his reasoning as if it is the fruit of a poisonous tree. That even if the flasks do good, they come from a sour place. Rem also noted to me to think on things. First to question, now to think. Doing as I have been ordered to do my entire life, these do not come easy to me. But. I have come to find the comfort in knowing I can try. 
  Packing up in the morning we continued to Rhenka's village, drawing ever closer to it. Just upon its outskirts I spied a body in the snow. Moving up to investigate, it is the corpse of a giant. One that quickly animated itself in front of us. Looking around fast we find five total. Rhenka with both shock, and sorrow in her face drew her axe in defense. Knowing the more pressing issue before her. Mighty blows we struck and cold magic cast upon us. It appeared my allies did much better than I did. As two blows of the enemy's axe rendered me near an unconscious state.
  The battle, like our others was won. Though I as look about and count the five corpses, I remember Rhenka mentioning her village small in number. Nearly a dozen she stated. I do hope what we fought was not who was left.

## Notes
- Short Rest
	- Valindra cut out the dragon heart and offered it to Ria, who was uncertain and passed.
		- Valindra can now cast Slow once per day.
	- Rhenka asked Ria why she didn't partake, b/c she isn't sure of it's affects. Confirmed it was related to her scales. Ria doesn't want to become more draconic.
	- Ria asked Lewis to adjust the draconic figurine she looted to look different. 
	- Lewis harvested some dragon meat to gift to the tribe, I helped. Ria had Valindra harvest some acid.
	- We burned some bodies.
- Sunset - Rhenka led us to Norvegg river crossing. Narrow point but largest river in the continent, ~550 ft.
	- She said there were many dangerous creatures in the water, serpents, etc.
	- Valindra offered to water walk tomorrow. We elected to fly over tonight given the dangers of the river. Ria cast Fly on Betsy, Annica, and Rhenka (who carried Lewis and Ria). 100 ft above the air. Distant singing, 300 ft range. Rem and Anicca fell asleep but I shook them awake. 
	- We flew to 500 ft total to circumvent whatever it was, Valindra Pass without Trace, we flew around them 2 miles towards Rhenka's.
		- We landed, shambling creature chained to the ground, hunched over, looks like the scream face. We don't know what it is. 
		- Also some weird giant wendigo things? 
		- We continued forward and went around these creatures, we found a remote clearing
	- Long Rest
		- Rem asked Lewis about Hypithia, she's dormant until tomorrow. 
		- Persephone asked Lewis about his decisions on the Hand. Lewis wants to, he feels bad about the LG, he's in trouble. As much as Lewis doesn't want them to be a part of this world, they are, and they're fighting for what he believes in. He has a problem with their actions but says we all make mistakes. He believes the LG deserves a second chance. I suggested he communicate with the LG. He believes a conversation is warranted and he will discuss the situation with him soon. Sending. 
			- Perse urged him to strike a good bargain and not get taken advantage of. 
			- I asked what he thought about King Rem. We thought he was a good man. He asked if I would make any other kings. I said no, not of the demons, they aren't leadership material. Lewis doesn't want to lose Rem out of the party. Perse and him talked about the party ending, she said he'd make a good straight man to her scheming. 
	- Valindra asked Ria if it was wise to proceed through night, Ria said yeah, if we had stayed we also could've encountered something. 
		- Valindra isn't sure how the Scales were tracking us. 
		- Ria said we will stay ignorant if we don't move. The only way is forward. Valindra agreed that is the best past to go.  
	- Rem talked to Valindra about his dreams of running in the field towards something in the horizon. Valindra asked if he enjoyed the run like a hound. He said it was more of a compulsion. 
		- They talked about the Scales. 
		- Rem talked about fruit deadline in 6 months, we need the artifacts and allies by then. Valindra asked about him not drinking from the flask, what about his disease? Rem said he suspects he'll have about a year before it claims him. He said he's gone without it close to a year before, he wishes no one to ever use a flask like this again. Valindra asked what if it saved someone's life. He avoided the question, said to think about it. 
- Morning
	- Rhenka said should be about 1-2 days. We talked about the full moon soon. Lewis pulled out Hypthia (Chris has decided on 1-2 questions a day. Can also cast the spells.)
		- He asked in general what is required to cure lycanthropy. Persephone urged him to ask specific questions about Rem's cure. 
			- Hypithia mentioned Rem's might require more of a ritual. Lewis asked about drawing and burning the blood. There could be side effects that could break down the ritual. She's unsure since Rem is a unique, first time situation.
			- Lewis asked if it would be beneficial to share in Rem's burden during the ritual (Warding Bond). Yes. Con saving throw.
			- Lewis asked about preparing Rem's body, soul, skin, if cleansing him would help. Hypithia said most important would be the mind. 
- We continued onwards 
	- Rhenka found 2 dead frost giants. Has been dead for 2-3 days but the body started twitching. We fought it and some more large undead.