###### Day 27-28
## Summary

## IC Synopsis - Reflections by Rembrandt
> We descended from the chilly peak in the aftermath of our battle against the snow elves.  Most of us gathered the bodies and burned them while Valindra scouted the area.  She determined the forces had been there for some time, though to what end she could not say.  After an hour’s reprieve, we marched onward until we came across a cave.  Thinking it would make a fine shelter against the elements, Valindra draped us in concealing magic and we delved deeper.  As a result, we got the drop on a group of four yetis: two young and two adults.  One of the adults unleashed its cold breath on us and wounded Perse grievously, but we were able to dispatch the creatures without further issue.  Lewis saw to Perse’s wounds, and she in turn erected her arcane dome for us to rest in.
   The pair took the first watch together and discussed a variety of topics: contacting Perse’s son, Lewis’s pact with Living God, St. Imelda’s recently discovered imprisonment, and even some wine Lewis had brewed during our travels.  Towards the end of their shift and conversation, however, they both noticed snow elves approaching.  Perse roused the rest of us and another skirmish ensued.  These snow elves seemed more interested in scouting than engaging and utilized orbs of darkness to hide their escape, but Perse restrained them with an entangling spell while the rest of us chased them down.  Valindra asked Perse and I about sparing the last of the elves, but when they spit in response to her query she ended the elf’s life.
   Perse gathered more ears from the fallen despite our apparent discomfort with the practice.  Valindra even lowered her hair to hide her own ears, before approaching Persephone once more on the topic.  Valindra only seemed to mind because it felt personal, and was less bothered by the barbaric practice in general.  Perse seemed annoyed at the conversation more than anything, but agreed to harvest other parts moving forward.  The tension remained, but neither pushed the conversation past that point.
   Ria and Valindra shared a quiet shift before I relieved Valindra for the final watch.  Even in the cave and out of sight, the impending full moon was heavy on my mind.  I did my best to keep busy, tending to my arms and armor, shaving, and checking my gear once more to keep my mind from wandering.  Fortunately for me, the snow elf matron appeared outside our dome towards the end of my shift and provided a much needed distraction.  Or what seemed to be her anyway, but Perse revealed to be an illusion or projection of some manner.
   We elected to wait and finish resting before confronting her, with Valindra taking point as the only member of our troupe capable of conversation.  She confirmed that Rhenka’s sister was in her possession but refused to relinquish her into our custody, mentioning how useful she was.  She refused to disclose her location and insisted we depart from her lands, also revealing she’d scried upon the fallen elves and taken note of their missing ears.  The matron went on to state that she intended to march south and wage war against the realms of men, at which point I tried to negotiate with her.  For a moment I thought there was the possibility of peace, but those hopes were squandered when she refused to consider a truce with the giants.  For all her talk of change, the matron’s mind was set and she refused to bend.
   With only two days remaining until the full moon, we discussed how to spend that time.  I shared my concerns about holing up in a location our enemies were already aware of, but the others seemed to think it was our best bet.  We agreed to spend the day pursuing the elves but with the intention to return to the cave by nightfall.  Rhenka suggested we leave an alarm of some sort; a request which Valindra was happy to oblige.  With several magical snares in place, we departed and marched once more into the cold north of Skediwen.

## Notes
- Short rested before continuing onward. 5-6 hours later in the evening came to a cave in the ground.
	- Lewis spotted a giant footprint
	- We found a couple yetis, combat, they were the footprints
	- Lewis and Perse talked, she talked about reaching out to Zag but she doesn't know what he looks like.
		- Perse asked about the LG, he feels good. Things went well. St Imelda is trapped, listening but cant talk to him. Perse suggested he talk to Hypithia but he said others have more pressing concerns. She and Lewis toasted to the existence of her son and St. Imelda. 
		- We saw some snow elves. Perse woke everyone up. More combat.
			- Captain counterspelled Lewis's wall of fire and ran. We caught them and killed them. 
			- Valindra tried to interrogate one, he spit on her so she killed him. 
			- Perse asked Lewis to make her a chain for the ears.
	- 2nd watch
		- Valindra seemed uncomfortable about the elf ears. We talked about it. Valindra wanted me to stop cutting them. She identifies with these elves. Wished there was another way to talk to them. She was worried I would do the same thing to her if she died, I said no. I was annoyed she only wanted me to stop maiming becaue they were elves. 
		- 3rd watch
			- Ria and Rem saw a ghostly elf woman walking around, more regal, like a projection of someone. It approached the dome, sat there, and meditated.
- New day
	- I reupped the dome before some of our members stepped out and spoke to the illusion
	- Woman spoke in Elvish, asked what we were doing in our land. They don't speak common. We said we were looking for the body of an ice giant, Rhenka's sister. The Matron said she is using it as a weapon, doesn't understand why we would want it back. She wants to march her forces south to take vengeance upon the humans for centuries of mistreatment. 
		- She asked if Valindra was our slave. Do we intend to enslave them? Valindra said we treat her as equals and work for a better world.
		- Matron said she scryed upon corpses, saw one ear severed each, like trophies/animals. Perse retorted, called her an icy bitch, maims all equally, and she's the one using frost giant corpses
		- Ice giants refuse to change, she is using them as fodder.
		- Rem mentioned mankind would soon be under new leadership. The Matron asked us to leave as a demonstration of peace, but said ice giants aren't part of this world so they don't matter. Rem asked for the body of Rhenka's sister to return. She said it's already in use. Deviously smile and said she could return it in a few days. 
			- Rhenka doesn't want to return to her village until she has succeeded or is killed. 
		- Valindra took my rope and cast snare