###### Day 30
## Summary


## IC Synopsis - Rem
> 1. _**5/10/26 Session 46: Eifert Exsanguinated**_ The chains seared into my flesh as I laid on the ground and writhed in agony. I summoned every ounce of strength to focus on my mother’s locket and the light emanating from it. The pain was overwhelming, between the silver and Lewis’s magic, but what choice did I have? An eternity of torment passed before I felt the prick of Perse’s dagger and the lifeblood poured from my throat. Still I focused on the light until the darkness closed in and took me. The others told me later that my blood gathered into two distinct pools: a dark, fiendish pool from which a demonic creature with both wolf and crab-like features emerged, and a second pool of faintly shimmering divine blood that birthed a grotesque glutton with many mouths. Lewis was taken aback for a moment, not expecting his ritual to yield such results, but found his footing as the rest of our companions sprung into action. He stabilized me while the battle began, Perse trapped the fiendish creature in a dome of force, and Rhenka, Ria, Valindra, and her dragonspawn rushed towards the Gluttony Seraph. The obese angel tried to flee upwards and away from the beatdown, but Perse’s command sent it back down to its doom. Valindra struck the final blow and it dissolved into golden dust.
    
2. As my companions battled in the waking world, I found myself in a dark and endless desert dreamscape. A lupine monster resembling Jonas in his abominable form stood before me, though this one had horns and a fiendish face to match. Without words I knew this to be Mastinovti, or his avatar anyway. He roared that his efforts would not be squandered, but I am not Persephone, or even my Uncle Mirko. My response was silent and sharp. Jonas’s apparition appeared to observe our deadly dance, and for him I found words of a better cure, and a promise to see it used. Despite his failings and his hatred for me, or perhaps because of it, Jonas chose to help me before he too faded; spending what remained of his essence to heal my wounds. I seized the opportunity and smote Mastinovti’s avatar, sending him off with a warning. Darkness engulfed me once more as I returned to the land of the living, though my body remained bloodless. Terribly weak, I heard Lewis before my eyes found him–preaching with fire and brimstone. He took note of the change in my condition immediately, and with a swift bit of sorcery sacrificed his blood to restore my own. Not enough to kill him, thankfully, but he did appear awfully haggard until I could heal him in return. Lewis had found his conviction and confidence at long last, I only pray they do not cost him his soul.
    
3. Perse brought our attention back to the contained creature, bucking against its magical restraint. She had also mounted Anicca in my absence, claiming my sweet unicorn struck at Porto and required her steady hand. There was no time to object as we gathered round the invisible hemisphere and unleashed our barrage upon the demonic wolf-crab. It coated us with acid and clawed at Persephone in particular, but not enough to delay its inevitable demise. A great many emotions threatened to overwhelm me in the aftermath, but one feeling in particular stood out. A missing feeling, to be more precise, and one that has plagued me for the past decade. Not only did Lewis’s ritual remove the lycanthropy Jonas had afflicted me with a month past, but it also cured me of the Secomortis I’d contracted as a boy. Valindra noticed my eyes had dimmed as a result, and pointed this out to me. Perhaps in time my hair and eyes will fade back to the brown of my youth, but this loss of luster, this tarnishing, has done nothing to diminish our deeds this day. After all, nothing gold can stay, or so the bards say.
    
4. We gathered once more under Perse’s protective dome when Lewis asked for our flasks, having seen what came out of me and fearing for the worst. I surrendered mine immediately, but the others decided to keep theirs. Lewis and I both requested they be used only as a last resort, to which the others seemed receptive. No doubt Perse will continue to use hers and try to hide it from me, as she had with Valindra in the ice caves. Lewis also created food and water for us, bland but nourishing. As we prepared for rest, Perse produced Hypithia and began another line of inquiry. First she asked about the gluttonous creature that emerged from my blood, and learned it was a manifestation of the Secomortis plague, an endless hunger of divine origin. Each victim bears such an entity, which typically feeds on its host. Perse and I briefly discussed the merits of blood removal to cure Secomortis, but I remained steadfast that using the divine fruit is the best path forward. There are too few capable of administering Lewis’s cure, and far too many victims.
    
5. Persephone then asked Hypithia about reaching her son, and learned that the Gate of Death prevents such communication. This barrier was unknown to her, seemingly constructed after her first life, but she set about circumventing it immediately. When most of us had gone to sleep, Perse enlisted Lewis’s aid in a suicidal attempt to contact Zagreus. She stabbed herself in the heart, and told us she plunged downward to a field of white stones guarded by a multitude of rocky guardians before being revived to her body in the living world. Perse shared her blasphemous thoughts before the experience, and raved about Xchimaltia’s conspiracy of souls after failing to reach her son. I do not share her beliefs but defused things before they devolved into another disagreement. For all our differences, I’ve come to appreciate that we draw motivation from the same place: the love between a mother and her son.  
    Lewis spoke with the Living God before retiring for the night, thanking them for their assistance in curing me. Valindra kept watch with Perse next, using the opportunity to chastise Persephone for her recklessness. Perse retorted that her life is cheap, and there is little she would not give or do to accomplish her goals. They also spoke on the need for a God of Death, with Valindra sharing her belief in reincarnation, passed down to her by her parents. Perse seemed pleased with the idea, if nothing else. Ria relieved Perse from there, taking a moment to clean up the blood and mess from her suicide earlier that evening. Valindra shared her concerns with Ria, namely that mighty dragons might reside in their blood. Ria did not rule out the idea entirely, but pointed out that Sajj’aka’s essence was divided among her ancestors and was most likely further diluted in the present day. Ria avoided answering anything related to her own goals, revenge, and the like, much as she had with Rhenka previously.
    
6. I dreamt of Jonas that night, judging and hateful, but even that was a welcome reprieve from the fields of gold and endless running. Ria roused me and I joined her for the final watch of the night. Not much was said, but the company was welcome. She returned my flask as well, the one Otis gifted me when our adventure began. So much has happened since then, it’s hard to believe it’s barely been a month. I couldn’t help but smile at the gift, but told Ria I’d save it for our return to the giant’s camp and the celebration there. We then enjoyed a short walk out of the cave and into the moonlight. I basked in the cool rays for a while, relishing the moment. I was alive and well and certainly not a werewolf, and that much deserved some small celebration. Small and short, on account of the cold. We returned to the dome to find Lewis tossing and turning before he finally woke. Upon which he informed us that Xchimaltia had visited him in his dream. She warned Lewis to keep Perse out of her domain, and he promised to comply. He almost immediately forswore said promise, however, telling Persephone he’d aid her again if she so desired. For his lie, Lewis was smote and nearly killed. As Valindra and I rushed over to heal him, I wondered if perhaps Lewis had grown overconfident in his new abilities…

## Notes
- 